add FluffyChat (#4068)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: README.md

| [Hydrogen](https://github.com/element-hq/hydrogen-web) | ❌ | Lightweight Matrix client with legacy and mobile browser support | [Link](docs/configuring-playbook-client-hydrogen.md) |
| [Cinny](https://github.com/ajbura/cinny) |  ❌ | Simple, elegant and secure web client | [Link](docs/configuring-playbook-client-cinny.md) |
| [SchildiChat Web](https://schildi.chat/) | ❌ | Based on Element Web, with a more traditional instant messaging experience | [Link](docs/configuring-playbook-client-schildichat-web.md) |

> | [FluffyChat Web](https://fluffy.chat/) | ❌ | The cutest messenger in Matrix | [Link](docs/configuring-playbook-client-fluffychat-web.md) |

Reviewer: `fluffy.chat` does not seem to exist.

```suggestion
| [FluffyChat Web](https://fluffychat.im) | ❌ | The cutest messenger in Matrix | [Link](docs/configuring-playbook-client-fluffychat-web.md) |
```
